You don't have to worry about me.
I can help you deal with any trouble you encounter.
It's really big talk and won't jam your teeth
Can you handle it?
Why do you deal with it?
Did you do a good job with your service?
You are a perennial hanging out in night clubs
A woman who posts up when she sees a man
What right do you have to speak to me in this tone?
What did your waiter say outside?
You also know that I am a waiter
And say I'm talking nonsense
I'm on the same KTV.
I have seen you
Left ten times to hook up with different men
Doing shady things in the corner
You serve so well.
High tech
How dare you slander my grandfather
He dared to pour dirty water on me
Hurry up and beat him out for me
Hey, don't squeeze the bowl
I'll help you clean him up
Don't talk about Jiushanmen being so unbearable
It can make you unbearable
Is there a possibility
It's because they simply don't have enough for me to fight
Anyway.
Touched my woman and it was the first time
I won't let you go
If I wasn't more advanced than you
I don't like your stuff
All the women you like
I can sleep for you
Believe it or not, it's a hand-chopping show
addiction
Maim this humble waiter for me
Throw it out